patch(rai_whatisee): include cv_bridge.hpp or .h based on current ROS 2 version (#227)
RobotecAI/rai: src/perception/rai_whatisee/CMakeLists.txt

  add_compile_options(-Wall -Wextra -Wpedantic)
endif()

# Determine ROS 2 distribution
if(DEFINED ENV{ROS_DISTRO})
  if($ENV{ROS_DISTRO} STREQUAL "humble")
    add_definitions(-DROS_DISTRO_HUMBLE)
  elseif($ENV{ROS_DISTRO} STREQUAL "jazzy")
    add_definitions(-DROS_DISTRO_JAZZY)
  else()

>     message(WARNING "Unknown ROS 2 distribution: $ENV{ROS_DISTRO}. Defaulting to .hpp include.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(WARNING "Unsupported ROS 2 distribution: $ENV{ROS_DISTRO}. Defaulting to .hpp include.")
```

Reviewer: Reason: this could be iron or galactic or a future distro ("kool" or whatever). I think the default is good though - future distros will use hpp

  endif()
else()

>   message(WARNING "ROS_DISTRO environment variable not set. Defaulting to .hpp include.")

Reviewer: This is an error - the project will not compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(FATAL_ERROR "ROS_DISTRO environment variable not set. Make sure to source your ROS 2 distribution before compiling").
```
